# Laser focus ? HARDWORK ! 
[philosophy] <br>
<br> 
---
Continuing the previous philosophy. Since there are no emotions to deal with - there are no attachments and the focus can be made **without** any distractions . This kind of focus helps to achieve anything in life. I have a real life example - <br> . 
I don't life competitive exams , the more competitive it is , the more I hate it. <br> Cuz I don't like to study from the syllabus and limit the subject's capacity. <br>
Anyways I had a CET exam for entrace in engineering colleges. <br> 
In 2023 , my diploma got over around march - It was time to prepare for the CET , but the syllabus wasn't out yet, since I had lots of free time , I also got time to reflect and make lif decisions <br>.
I thought the same syllabus that I'd get for CET would also be the same syllabus that anyone else would get . It'd be the same for the first rank as well as the last rank . <br> 
So what is it that makes the difference in the result. <br>
This part of my life is where I gave more imporance to [meritocracy](./Sat-Feb-15-2025.md), cuz I wanted a good college to join in my diploma. <br> 
Now as much as I wanted to join a good college I knew the fact that - the learning experience and the curve is don't quite only dependent on the college, but on lot of other factors , out of which the individual's character matters the most. <br> 
I did realise that it'd be a waste to get a seat in the best college of the state but keep playing games or watching anime 24/7. <br>
At the same time it'd very useful if I get a normal college but work very hard like , let's say 12-4 [ I will explain what 12-4 is ]. <br>
In which case there is no way that a guy from the high ranked college would have better skills than me. <br>
But due to the circumstantcial situations , It was a part of my life which woudl the last time I'd give such an important exams . As it is totally another thing to get the opportunitites that I'd get to meet the higher company officials being in a  higher ranked college. <br> <br> So I thought to study well, and study super hard just to prove a point , that anything can be done - if you remove the distractions and have laser focus on the stuff. [ arjun ]() <br>
I started to study , I didn't know what to study since the syllabus wasn't released it. <br>
BTW , as I said I really hated these competitive exams and maths was also a part of the syllabus - I was really uninsterested in the mathematics taught in institutions like schools and colleges. <br> [ P.S: I just wanted to say one more extra unnecessary thing just to support my point and to keep this blog longer. I saw a picture on social media where the rich says - money is not important, A beautiful model - says beauty is not important, a scholar says - going to good college is not important , A body builder says - the physical strength is not important. For a moment I thought it because they have it and don't need it anymore , they say it's not important, then I observered that they were the best of their field in their time . It also made sense to look at it with this perspective : onething is universe is not defined to have destined to give you the success you are looking for - especially not the materialistic thing. But instead there is one thing that is destined to give you all the success that you could possible achieve - "hardwork", without a doubt an irreplaceable attribute in achieving success. Now there is no 2/3 ways for it - its just one way - "hardwork", the sacrifice that you'd have to make comes in it , the focus is also hard without have any distranctions at all is the focus thats' called laser focus. That is **hard** . So work hard in any direction you'll eventually find the best way to do that task which will in turn be valued by the world and as a consequence make you valuable.( success ). <br><br>  Work Smart ? nah!  , as my previous blog proves - there is no factor as intelligence in life, atleast I never witnessed any. The person who gets good marks would'have solved more problems that everyone who'd get less makrs , if that's not the case - it should surely be that they did it previous year or sometime you weren't able to see, but did it - its action . Not just some factor that people are born with. Same goes for all other fields. ] . 
<br><br><br>
So I thought - it'd just be a waste of time if I'd work hard and study something that won't be a part of the syllabus. <br> I decided not to study till the syllabus came out. <br> <br>
Finally syllabus got released around june/july . And exam's date is now announced to be at 3 months from then. <br> <br>
So I made a simple analytical calculation that - <br>
I have 3 months - as much as the guy who'd get 1st rank. <br>
I have the same syllabus that the guy who'd get the 1st rank'd have. <br> 
Might as well get 1st rank !. <br> 
<br>
Factors that affect anything in this universe is infinite. <br> Considering things That I have control of is my hardwork . <br> 
So I decided that no matter what I will be the one to have the 1st rank. <br>
Deciding that I closed and opened my eyes . <br> 
20 days remaining ! <br>
Yes !, IDK what happened, time went super flash and only 20 days was remaining till the exams. <br>
So I though 1st rank kinda sounds unfair now , hmmmm <br> 
I will work and give what ever it takes to get a rank that'd get me into any college in my state. I then created the 12-4 thingy , where I start studying at 4 in the morning till 12 in the night , basically I only sleep from 12 to 4 and -stay awake- work every waking second . <br>
Which was very effective . <br> 
<br><br><br> 
**Results out!** 
I got 148th rank in around in a total of 30-50k students .[here](https://www.instagram.com/stories/highlights/18465252685061934/) <br> 
First impression - I actually had a score to beat - 115 <br> I couldn't . <br> 
Secondarily - my personal goal achievement was yet to be declared. I applied to the college which was the hardest to get into - how'd I say , just by the fact that, if you are getting a seat here , you will easily get a seat in any college in my state [ rank wise ]. <br> 
I got a seat ! .
Now I felt satisfied and felt that - it'd be okay even though if didn't get a good one - cuz I learnt something else - the way of hardwork ! <br>
Even if I'd get a lower rank college - I'd most probably be more angry and work more hard and already be more skillful than I am right now [ lol , I'm in 3rd year ]. <br> Which will practically give me more success than being in a good college. <br> 
So that's that. <br> 
Having laser focus , never fails. <br> 
If i'd have continued the 12-4 thingy - I'd surely be employed by now. <br>
But the dilemma was - " is it worth it ? " . <br>
Is it worth it to sacrifice my present life so I **MAY** [ as they are always chances of may not ] have a good life tomorrow? well in this case it's not good life - working 20 hours every single day will yield perfect life. <br> 
I had to make choices and I chose **not** to . <br> 
**Reality is an illusion** , <br>
**I believe there is no end to things that can be achieved , once I get a perfect job when I worked hard,  I'd aim for something else, then something else , then something else , its endless. [ The digits is infinite isn't it , so there is always more money to earn , buhahaha ].** <br> 
I understood that I am not a machine , Humans are social creatures , I have a family and a social life which is very valuable . <br> 
So yea I prefer *chai samosa* in the funny evening with family rather than having to sit on a load of success , For me experience is more important than result. That's what is life and what is to live. <br>
I always have the choice - to sacrifice my current life to have a **maybe** better one <br> 
And I chose **not** to sacrifice ,<br><br> I'm grateful with what I have and will work hard every single day. But not LIMIT anything - play more , study more, talk more - do everything that is rightfully good [ in my sense ]. <br>
That is the experience I choose. 
