# I was wrong. 

what exactly is bloat? <br>
something that is unnecessary - - <br>
who decides wether something is necessary or not? <br>
my self <br>
On basis do I decide ? <br>
on my necessities <br>

But necessities keep changing from time to time right. I can't just work hard sacrfice everything that I get to do in life only for something like marks .. or luxury . [idk if that is what should be most important to some].

**PS** : I just thought the way I think of working hard is more like a gamble than actual hard work . <br>

persay - there is an exam in my country that is the national exam which decides which college [best national college] that you get to go to. <br>

so people work hard for it - atleast around 1-2 years and get into it , but it doesn't gaurantee what you want right? [from a pov of a job seeker]. <br>

You still have to work hard. Something that you actually have to do in a job is something that you yet have no knowledge of and not started - which is also the basis on which people let you in their company . <br>

CGPA is the visa kinda thingy that lets you communicate / get in touch with <br> the company people - mostly [off campus | I think social media is really powerfull , which is why I on the way to showing off - i mean learning and then sharing what I learnt with the world . So someday some man sees that and hires me ! ]. 

And then when you talk to the company people - they don't actually care for your CGPA but what you know that would actually help them - like be it skills or thinking ability / logical reasoning or problem solving . Again <br> let's say there is someone who almost has the same amount of skills that you have - I mean how much can you judge a person in just a few hours - you can , but what if both of them are 70% similar - you might not be able to find the difference right ? <br>

ya so what if there are people of the same skillset in front of the interviewer and , now how does he/company decides? <br>

well one of them had 0.5 CGPA more  , don't you think its only rational to pick that person.
well it doesn't even seem much like 8.7 and 9.2 maybe. 

This actually happens in reality - a very famous youtuber from India literally said that the same happened to him for some 24 LPA job at a famous compnay [MANG today maybe].

they had 2 slots and 3 members cleared all the rounds - 9.7 ,9.65 and 9.4 CGPA - the youtuber himself had a 9.4 CGPA and was given the bad news **with the clear transparently** . 
<br><br><br>
So I feel there could be a lot of hard work that I do that could be a gamble from my side - I have limited time and I don't want to waste that time gambling.

Again this doesn't mean I won't depend on factors like CGPA - I will work hard to get my CGPA up , but I won't lock in - I will still continue to play football once in a week - to burn some fat - most importantly to learn how computers work and how better we can use them **AND** share it with the world [ I haven't yet made a link tree to connect all my places on the internet . That is a work I have to do - once its done - you will find it on the home page of the website ].

<br><br><br>

So as I cannot lock in (or) leave CGPA I cannot lock in for anything right? - studying 5-7 subjects there - wasting lotta time in offline activities like presentation and stuff [BTW yesterday I had a presentation in my clg - it was offline cuz there were class raiders in our online meet - my clg didn't verify accounts entering meet . They planned a online meet and failed and canceled it at the last minute becuase the valuator was busy and repeated the exact same thing again. so yesterday - I had to go to college that includes paying 100 ruppees and travelling for 3 hours - the meeting / valuation was scheduled at 3 . I was there at 2 45 and was waiting . Guess what ! the valuator showed up at 4 15 and Guess what more ! the first thing he says after entering the room is "you guys don't have discipline" "You guys don't even know to respect others" . He was referring to the incident that took place in the online meet - but still for somereason I don't think that is fair to say that after being 1 hour late ] . . . 

so the level 2 of removing bloat is -- idk just don't plan any such thing as "removing bloat".

Just **DO** things  - that's life . 

So now I will just **DO** things - try to get good marks and at the same time skillup .

**ps for PS** : you might be thinking I am searching for job while learning stuff. I just want to clarify that it just **job** and not **high-paying** job and its because I am unemployed at the age of 20 and nothing else. I am not saying its bad, I think it's just a good time to start searching . <br><br> 

> [!IMPORTANT] 
I don't at all think that a high paying job gives happiness in life . 
