# Handicap

There are going be moments in life , when you lose something . Something that's a permanent lose , which you cannot get back. At those moments if you feel bad , its mostly because you knew you could have it [or] becuase someone else has it.<br> For instance lets take the most precious resource of humanity **TIME** . <br> Lets say you had 10 hours and lost 5 of it . Now you only have 5 hours remaining. No matter what you do - you only have 5 hours. Now, your friend / Colleague would have done X+Y as both take 5 hours each. But you are now only able to do X. 
> [!WARNING] [Great learnings] If you try to do both X+Y in the given 5 hours you won't be able to complete either of them unless its something you are already good at / have experience of . <br>


## Takeaway

1. You lost something - that's life <br> Guts isn't winning alone , especially winning alone . Guts is facing all odds and still moving forwards , [Sylvester Stallone said it well] Its not about how hard you hit , but how hard get hit **and** keep moving forwards . Its about how much you can take.
2. Understanding your true capabilities inorder to decide your next move is where you win half the battle [inspired form Itachi Uchiha]
3. [and the most important of all] . When you are honest and know that you have less capabilities , improve . Remember the defination of life isn't getting a output or a certain particular result ! That's exactly not what life is , that's a machine . Life is experience . If you could get exactly the number of gold medals Ronaldo got , that not life . The amount of hardward you put inorder to get those is the Life. <br> So does the output matter ? <br> *Yes* , but <br> Should the output impact the way you look at life? <br> **Not Always** when you lose, the world doesn't become dirty , its just you who had less inputs[hardword] Next time work hard and you shall have it . Work harder that's what you should learn.


P.S: I hope I could level up just the way I aged up ![or like Sung Jinwoo in Solo Levelling], I guess maybe I have, you know mentally and morally . The more I live the more I feel that the stories / tales / poems / what ever you call them like the **rabbit and the tortoise** are super underrated and super important in life 
