# Intelligence | Smartness | Clever 
[philosophy]

I heard a lot about all of these - so Today i will give my side of these concepts . <br>

P.S: just to set the env - "A study , or should I say many studies say that common people only use around 20% or 30 or 10% of their brain while einstien used 70-90% of his brain , well This is truely wrong . The people who made the study don't have peoper formulae and didn't **STUDY** about life that they live in. It's about how much a man uses his brain at a point of time. when einstien was born - his first hour - did he use 70-90% of his brain? . A common man while sleeping vs a common man giving his toughest written test in his life - did he use the same 20-30% of his brain ?. It's all BS. Make einstien to give a IQ test in Hindi [ just to take an example ] now check his IQ . buhahaha <br> in the same way - when a common man is taken a test on something he likes or does - like if he is a lazzy middle aged old baldie unemployed who keeps playing valorant - take his test in valorant - he'd score more than einstien fs. And if he gives test in a field he has no knowledge like physics or mathematics or pattern recognition for that matter - he will obviously score low." - TT 
<br>

who is TT, idk maybe my inner self buhahah <br> 
<br><br> So This just mean you cannot compare two individuals as the way they live is different - if two men are born A and B. A read science for first 5 years of his life , and B read science for first 4 years of his life . That doesn't mean A is more intelligent or clever or whatever BS than B .<br>
<br>
**IT IS JUST THAT HE HAS MORE KNOWLEDGE IN THAT FIELD OF |WHATEVER YOU EXAMINED HIM ON|** AND NOTHING ELSE AT ALL.
<br><br><br>
If einstien has 10000 hours of playing time in call of duty - I am sure he wouldn't be as knowledgeable in his field [physics or maths or whatever ]. Isn't that right ?. <br>
The same way if a common hooman beinggg with 2 eyes and 2 hands and 2 legs was given the facility that einstien had and before that I should say - had enough interest in the universe and its law as much as einstien did or more [ or stephen hawkings for that matter or anyone ] then he would for sure , I say this with **100% Gauranttee** be as much if not more knowledgeable than those scientists. <br>
<br><br>


That's just life. I can hit goals like roanldo . Ronaldo can bulk up like john cena . John cena can dance like MJ . MJ can run like usain bolt . usain bolt could code like dennis ritchie and ken thompson. <br><br><br>

Anybody can do Anything - that's the beauty of life - admire it . <br>proof? <br> Take the initial state of all these individuals - **A BABY** from then on they **choose** certain paths that led them there. <br><br> 

"If I may , I'd like to pose an interesting question , - are all human beings truely equal ? These day everywhere you go there is talk about fight for equality ,  as a wise man once said - "heaven does not create one person above or below another " peopl like to throw his words around. But thats not the whole quote. He goes on to to say that - while we are all equal at birth, pretty soon things begin to change. Academic effort is what sets some people apart to rise above the others. At any rate humans change over time based on their actions . Truth be told at the end of the day , equality if just a fantasy and most of us go through the life denying the fact that we live in a meritocracy " - [Kiyotaka Ayanokyoji](https://youtu.be/u27Pe46CSh4?si=WmWwszygAAX1V0IA)

<br><br><br>

The life you have are just the outcomes of the action that **YOU CHOSE** to take . <br>
The life you will have will be the result of the actions that **YOU ARE CHOOSING** now.

I can have lots of money and become a billionaire - if I choose to , If I really wanted to .<br>
If I am not then it clearly means that - I didn't chose it , I chose something else - maybe I chose 1 hour of extra sleep - maybe I chose to watch some cartoon etc. <br><br>


**I CHOOSE** who I am . **YOU CHOOSE** who you are .
<br><br><br>
sure there are things like sacrifice - but you need to understand that if I want to have 2000 dollars right now , now matter how funny the cartoon is , I will still get and go take that 2000. Because I choose that 2000 over any other thing else. <br>Ronaldo choose football over everything else - that is the sacrifice that he made **after** that. <br><br>
This is life and you are given options , isn't that beautiful. You get to be whatever you want . <br><br><br> So what do you choose? 
