<h1> Reality is an Illusion <br>
                  <pre style="font-size: 12px;display:inline-block;margin-left:250px;">~ K Suraj Singh</pre><br> <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
<sub id="blog-category">Philosophy]</sub>
<br></h1>
Yesterday I was just hearing to some Bhagvat Gita content. And I really liked one verse where lord Krishna says  - "Sukha-duḥkhe same kṛitvā lābhālābhau jayājayau,
Tato yuddhāya yujyasva naivaṁ pāpam avāpsyasi.  "<br> Which translates to - <br> " Treat pleasure and pain, gain and loss, victory and defeat with the same mindset. Then, engage in your duty (battle), and by doing so, you will not incur sin. " in English. <br>
[ so now two gods have said it ] <br>
And I don't really like to make decision based on onething and especially based on something that is foreign to my body - be it books [like buddism books etc] or stories or movies or experience of other people. <br> 
I only make decision based on myself, Cuz at the end of the day I is the only thing that is related to me and nothing else. <br> <br> 
This verse actually supports my ideology to have no regrets in life but just learn from experience . At the end of the day all the materialistic thing will not matter, not matter how much gain or improvisation you did in the technology to help people, as that is temporary and a secondary goal of my life . <br>
The primary reason would/should be to make things spiritually clear and well. Which will help people on a permanent level as the values they learn will sustain longer than the tech you have or was created. <br> 
So a win / lose is something that is well ill defined - [ a lose for one could always be a win for the other ], what matters most is the way you did it . <br>
Let's take real life examples as always to make you understand this. <br> 


I generally notice people using brute force , since it does not require `thinking`
so . . .
Don't expect optimal result ! 

There are two trophie winners - [ champions trophy or the world cup ]. <br> A and B <br> Both of them worked hard to play for it - think of it as almost equally worked harded [ almost (as much as visible to the naked human eye/brain )]. <br> 
But person/team A won it rightfully , while person/team B had to go rig the tournament and bride the jury and do a lot more in the final match - they played fair through out the contest but were fully corrupted in the final game as they did not want to waste their hardwork . <br><br> Here you clearly see that person/team B have given a value to their hardwork which is very small in this big universe - a trophy and nothing else . But instead if they would've accepeted defeat - lets say. They would've earned something that no trophy or amount of hardwork can - the rightfully good way of humanity. <br> Choosing that is a very hard task in itself. <br> And i prefer to lose like a clean human rather win like a corrupted person . I do this because freedom matters to me most - - <br><br><br> 

`"Freedom is to live true to oneself, <br>
   and not living without abiding any rules created by anyone <br> "`
<br> That is fun , its no fun if its always easy and always a win - remember in the childhood when you used to play hacked games - how fun was it ? was it any fun ? [ tho hacked coc is available in the play store itself - there are more download to the secured version. There lies a very great philosophical meaning behind this attribute ]. <br> 

<br> At the end this only firms my belief to have a experience rather than a result. That is what is more valueable and worth living a life [ I'd rather be myself than be 2nd Ronaldo , cuz that is just not fun ]. Doesn't matter if you win or lose , Doesn't matter if you get what you seeked for or if you don't , doesn't matter if you are termed as "failue" or "success" `by the society` [ This is joke , I mean when did humans become so arbitrar ( is the word that you use when someone achieves so much that they are now worthy enough to judge other). ]. <br>
Because I think that no human or group of humans are worthy enough to decide the value of any other human , and hopefully will never be - no matter how powerful or monopolitic rule that individual/group posses. <br> 
As every human being is for himself and has a different perspective of world , that itself makes it a new world . Therefore every perspective is worth living to that person. <br><br> `**RESULTS DON'T MATTER JOURNEY DOES**` which makes every person unique as every person has a different journey . So focus on making your journey more pure and clean and rightfully good [ upto your senses ] and forget the result that you get from it , that is the peak form of life and feeling `alive`
<br> Instead.... <br>
<br><br> 
Be Grateful. 
